How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Ved at bruge diff kunne jeg hurtigt fokusere på ændringerne i filen. 
Ellers skal man jo huske hvad man har ændret for nylig.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
If I make a change and later on realize the first way to implement a feature
is better or just a part of it is better. I can go back. Or if something is 
not working I can go to older versions to see when the overall program broke 
or what combinations break.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros is the commits are meaningfull. You get a shorter history and more logical hsitory, when seaching for commits. 
Cons is you might forget to commit or spend time and energy on when to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows multiple files saved together because in programming keeping all files together in a working sync is important.
Google Docs is typically about one document at a time. Having a special userinterface for linking documents together might offset the userexperience
Or create the need for tools to support multiple files together such as diff on all files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

first you can find the commit id by using git log. Later you can compare different commits by using git diff

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
If I break something I can go back to a previous version. 
I can alså use git diff to find all the changes I made 
when I broke the code, so it is also easier to correct and debug the code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Using it for my homepage project. Perhaps a question project first.